A big part of being connected to
the Internet is having access to
the seemingly unlimited amounts
of information out there.
As you may know, the best way to
find information you're looking
for is to erform a search
through a search engine.
A search engine is an online
resource that systematically
catalogs the contents of the web
so that when you erform a search
you can bring U webages matching
the words or terms you're
looking for.
There are many search engines
out there you've robably heard
of at least a few of them like
Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, Bing,
or DuckDuckGo.
Searching is such an integral
part of being on the web that
all modern web browsers have web
searching built in.
For example, to erform a search
I could go to Bingcom here in my
Microsoft Edge browser and I
could Tye the term I'm searching
for in the search field here.
But Bing is also the default
search engine in Edge and almost
all browsers allow you to set
the default search engine you
want to use.
For examle, if I wanted to
search for information about
Yosemite National Park I can Tye
that right into the address bar
regardless of whether I'm on
bingcom or not.
Notice as I type suggestions to
complete my search term start
appearing.
If I see the one I want I can
just click it.
Otherwise I coul D VET typing
and ressed enter to search and
now I'm looking at my search
results on Bing.
Each search result is a link
that will take me to the page or
website that Bing has found to
hel me determine if the page
includes the information I'm
looking for.
Most of the results also have a
few excerts of text from those
pages an some images.
For examle, here's the Wikiedia
page for Yosemite National Park
which I might want to read to
learn a little bit more about
the history of the park.
O Clicking that link takes me to
the website and as you can see
in the address bar I'm now
viewing Wikiedia.
If this isn't what I was looking
for, Oregon.
If I just want to browse other
pages being found, I can click
the back button to go back to
the previous page of results.
Notice that in addition to web
pages, there's plenty of
information here too.
I can click about and see a
summary about the park.
I can get directions from my
current location to Yosemite,
and I can visit the official
website using the website button
here.
And as you saw when I scrolled
down, we can find news and
photos related to Yosemite.
If I scroll back U I'll find
categories that allow me to
narrow my search to just images
of Yosemite or videos of
Yosemite, as well as maps, news,
and even shopping pages where I
could find roducts related to
Yosemite that I can purchas.
Let's say I'm looking for photos
right now.
I'll click Images and Justice
like that.
I see the results.
As I roll over each image, I see
information about the source of
the images.
Many of these aear to be from
articles about Yosemite, and
clicking an image allows me to
see it at a larger size and I
can click the arrows here to
browse through my results.
This way I'll click the X button
here to see the smaller images.
Again, notice at the top of the
image results we see a row of
suggestions that may help you
narrow down the type of image
you're searching for.
O maybe instead of searching for
general photos of Yosemite, I
want to search for photos of
winter in the park.
And there we are.
O.
This has been a quick look at
how most modern search engines
make it easier to find the
information and other content
you're looking for on the web.